drafts/lession_learned_from_a_Show_HN.md, before:

# Lession learned from a Show HN

Yesterday, I decided to upload a Show HN submission. The thing that I show is [Lipu](https://lipu-flax.vercel.app), A Hacker News alternative interface.
At first, I didn't think of anything else. All things that I expected is some points and 1-2 comments about it, just like with my other submissions.
After all, Lipu is already pretty solid and flawless, right?

Turns out, I underestimated that.

Not even a day has passed, and I already have 9 points and 19 comments. The most I have ever have in my entire time on HN.
The fact that a Show HN about yet another HN alternative blows my mind.

This also happens to blow up my other social medias. Mostly on my [blog](https://tsk.bearblog.dev), which usually has >20 views at most, now has >50 views.

At first, I got really nervous when I tried to open the comments section. It is kinda like with the comments section of every other social media that I
used: I got really nervous when I am about to read what people thinks about my opinion or about my projects. I don't really know what caused this.
Maybe because I am way too shy. I also have this feeling when taking a selfie of me and set it has my profile picture on Codeforces.

But after feeling brave enough to see what other people talks about my projects, I decided to open it up.

And boy, does my HN alternative get slapped in the ass.

Almost all the comments are negative (but also helpful). The problem that I see the most with all the comments is:
- The [font](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Zilla+Slab) that I used is not a very appropriate font.
- Links are hard to distinguish from everything else (user links, comments links, etc.).
- The website is light theme by default, so you will get a flashbang when you open it at night.
- There is no counting system like HN, so it is hard to know where to find a submission based on their index
	(As Lipu doesn't display exactly the same as HN)
- etc.

After this happened, I have learned a lot. I learned from the comments to make my HN alternative better, and I learned one important lesson:
Never underestimate a review. When people start reviewing your product and show how flawed it is, you will realized how much your ego has blinded
you.

Commit message:

Fix grammar errors in `Lesson learned from a Show HN`

drafts/lession_learned_from_a_Show_HN.md, after:

# Lesson learned from a Show HN

Yesterday, I decided to upload a Show HN submission. The thing that I show is [Lipu](https://lipu-flax.vercel.app), A Hacker News alternative interface.
At first, I didn't think of anything else. All things that I expected is some points and 1-2 comments about it, just like with my other submissions.
After all, Lipu is already pretty solid and flawless, right?

Turns out, I underestimated that.

Not even a day has passed, and I already have 9 points and 19 comments. The most I ever have in my entire time on HN.
The fact that a Show HN about yet another HN alternative blows my mind.

This also happens to blow up my other social medias. Mostly on my [blog](https://tsk.bearblog.dev), which usually has >20 views at most, now has >50 views.

At first, I got really nervous when I tried to open the comments section. It is kinda like with the comments section of every other social media that I
used: I got really nervous when I am about to read what people think about my opinion or about my projects. I don't really know what caused this.
Maybe because I am way too shy. I also have this feeling when taking a selfie of me and set it has my profile picture on Codeforces.

But after feeling brave enough to see what other people talks about my projects, I decided to open it up.

And boy, does my HN alternative get slapped in the ass.

Almost all the comments are negative (but also helpful). The problem that I see the most with all the comments is:
- The [font](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Zilla+Slab) that I used is not a very appropriate font.
- Links are hard to distinguish from everything else (user links, comments links, etc.).
- The website is light theme by default, so you will get a flash bang when you open it at night.
- There is no counting system like HN, so it is hard to know where to find a submission based on their index
	(As Lipu doesn't display exactly the same as HN)
- etc.

After this happened, I have learned a lot. I learned from the comments to make my HN alternative better, and I learned one important lesson:
Never underestimate a review. When people start reviewing your product and show how flawed it is, you will realize how much your ego has blinded
you.
